Okay! In this section of course, we do
have a fun assignment. We are going to
build a Jokes app. We're going to have
an app that's going to show a web page and
it's going to show a random joke. Now I have
a course on Spring Boot Actuator, and in
that course, I built a Chuck Norris jokes
generator. As part of that course, I
actually have that up on Maven Central,
so it's kind of cool. Spring Framework
Guru is up on Maven Central right now.
I have my own jar up there. That was a
little bit of a learning curve too to get
get it up there. But I was like, "Hey, I'm
somebody now. I got a jar on Maven
Central." So I'm officially made it on Maven
Central but it's a jar that just builds
up a random Chuck Norris quote, so we are
going to take that jar and include it
into this project. Now the structure of
this lesson or this module, I should say,
is a little bit different. The next
section or the next video that you see
is going to be an assignment. That
assignment is going to challenge you to
build a Chuck Norris Jokes application.
So we've already seen how to build a
Spring Boot Web Application during a
little curve ball in there to you as to
bring in this jar and the assignment
will spec that out, and so it's kind of a
challenge to take for what you've
learned so far and start applying it to
something new and building this little
jokes application. So it's a fun
assignment that we can do and we can see
some fun Chuck Norris jokes along the
way. Now after the assignment, the rest of
this section, I have a number of videos
that are going to take you step-by-step
through building it so I'm trying to
challenge you a little bit to take what
we've already learned in the course
through the assignment. But don't worry,
we are going to cover that assignment
step by step. I'm not going to leave you
hanging.
You'll see see me do everything step by
step and we'll go through it from
beginning to end. Also in this section of
the course, we are going to continue
building out in the Pet Clinic application.
So we're still laying the found work. We have some basic tasks that we need to
do. It's going to help us reinforce some
of the things that we're doing. It's going to
be a lot of hands-on coding, so we do
have two applications going here. One is
the Jokes application, which we'll build
completely through the assignment, and
then we'll have our ongoing Spring Pet
Clinic Application,
so we'll build that out as well. So we'll
continue developing that so a lot of
great content in this section. Really
we're not going to learn a lot of
new stuff so to speak, but we are
going to see things that we've already
had and we are going to get to get our
hands on so that we learn the Spring
Framework even better and that would be
we're building solid skills and the
Spring Framework for you.